# GamingMaster
All Things Relating to, Enhancing, optimizing and utilizing the FULL Capabilities of one's system to IMPROVE the OVERALL GAMING EXPERIENCE! 
I've been Creating, building and designing customized computer systems for almost 30 Years now! My VERY FIRST computer was a Commodore Vic-20 which came with a WHOPPING 8K of STORAGE but was upgradable to 20K (for about $150 back in the EARLY 1980's) GADS, I FEEL OLD!!!! HAH! This was one of the first systems available to the general public for a DECENT price and it was eventually followed by the Commodore 64 Which is a tad more known for those of us involved with computers back then. The Commodore 64 was actually a pretty cool little pc for what was out at the time which wasnt much...
ANYWAY I just wanted people to know a little bit about my computer background because I am a very upfront person and do try my very best to provide any help I can to those that really NEED it. I know that countless people have been there for me and helped me out in countless ways to learn and grow within the realm of computers over these many years! So I am here to both give and receive ANY help I can! 
Thanks to everyone who was there for me over the years and I TRULY HOPE this New Repository I created will be both USEFUL AND HELPFUL to ALL who choose to utilize and or collaborate with it.
I am OPEN to ANY suggestions as even though I have worked with computers systems for so very long, this is my VERY FIRST REPOSITORY with GitHub so I can also use all the support anyone would be willing to provide.
In order to get things going, I am TRULY HOPING people will help provide useful software tools and applications here for the BENEFIT of ALL who choose to utilize it. I also welcome any TIPS, TRICKS or GUIDELINES or even walthrough links to further enhance and support this goal of an OVERALL BETTER GAMING EXPERIENCE! Be Well...
Steven K.
San Francisco CA
